Restructuring ROS 2 Gem docs (#2266)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/interactivity/robotics/overview.md

---

> linkTitle: RoboticsOverview
> title: Overview
> description: An overview of concepts, Gems, Templates and Demos for robotics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
linkTitle: Overview
title: Robotics Overview
description: An overview of concepts, Gems, templates and demos for robotics in Open 3D Engine (O3DE).
```

The ROS 2 Gem contains a number of components to build robotic simulations, such as sensors,
control of different type of drives, manipulator arms, and dynamic spawning of robots. It also comes with plenty of utilities.

## Gems

There are several Gems to power robotic simulations with **Open 3D Engine (O3DE)**.
- [ROS 2 Gem](/docs/user-guide/gems/reference/robotics/ros2), the central and the most important one. It provides most features and other robotics Gems depend on it. 
- Project Templates for Robotics and connected Asset Gems. These provide good starting point for simulation development and a set of assets to use.
- 3rd party Gems: 
  - [Robotec GPU Lidar (RGL) Gem](https://github.com/RobotecAI/o3de-rgl-gem) - GPU accelerated LIDAR simulation in O3DE using CUDA.

## Templates

There are two templates for robotics:
- [ROS 2 project template](https://github.com/o3de/o3de-extras/tree/development/Templates/Ros2ProjectTemplate):
  - A simple interior scene with ROSBot XL robot:
  - It is the most lightweight and basic robotic project template.
  - The project starts with a differential drive (skid steering) robot.

> - [Warehouse project template](https://github.com/o3de/o3de-extras/tree/development/Templates/Ros2FleetRobotTemplate):

Reviewer 2: Good call, but this code is to be merged. Keep unresolved to remember to test.
